README.md, before:

# RF.ChangeAdventureDifficulty
 A Rhythm Festival mod that changes the difficulty songs are played at in story mode.
 
# Requirements
 Visual Studio 2022 or newer\
 Taiko no Tatsujin: Rhythm Festival
 
 

# Build
 Install [BepInEx be 697](https://builds.bepinex.dev/projects/bepinex_be) or [BepInEx 6.0.0-pre.2](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/tag/v6.0.0-pre.2) into your Rhythm Festival directory and launch the game.\
 This will generate all the dummy dlls in the interop folder that will be used as references.\
 Make sure you install the Unity.IL2CPP-win-x64 version.\
 Newer versions of BepInEx could have breaking API changes until the first stable v6 release, so those are not recommended at this time.
 
 Attempt to build the project, or copy the .csproj.user file from the Resources file to the same directory as the .csproj file.\
 Edit the .csproj.user file and place your Rhythm Festival file location in the "GameDir" variable.

# Links 
 [My Other Rhythm Festival Mods](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xY_WANKpkE-bKQwPG4UApcrJUG5trrNrbycJQSOia0c)\
 [My Taiko Discord Server](https://discord.gg/6Bjf2xP)

Commit message:

Enabled saving scenario plays.
This has also proven that the OnlineScoreSaving mod will work I believe.

README.md, after:

# RF.ChangeAdventureDifficulty
 A Rhythm Festival mod that changes the difficulty songs are played at in story mode.\
 This mod also enables saving scores from story mode. 
 
# Requirements
 Visual Studio 2022 or newer\
 Taiko no Tatsujin: Rhythm Festival
 
 

# Build
 Install [BepInEx be 697](https://builds.bepinex.dev/projects/bepinex_be) or [BepInEx 6.0.0-pre.2](https://github.com/BepInEx/BepInEx/releases/tag/v6.0.0-pre.2) into your Rhythm Festival directory and launch the game.\
 This will generate all the dummy dlls in the interop folder that will be used as references.\
 Make sure you install the Unity.IL2CPP-win-x64 version.\
 Newer versions of BepInEx could have breaking API changes until the first stable v6 release, so those are not recommended at this time.
 
 Attempt to build the project, or copy the .csproj.user file from the Resources file to the same directory as the .csproj file.\
 Edit the .csproj.user file and place your Rhythm Festival file location in the "GameDir" variable.

# Links 
 [My Other Rhythm Festival Mods](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xY_WANKpkE-bKQwPG4UApcrJUG5trrNrbycJQSOia0c)\
 [My Taiko Discord Server](https://discord.gg/6Bjf2xP)
